[DO NOT MERGE] Rebase on main (#278)
patternfly/react-component-groups: README.md

### Component's API rules:
- prop names comply with PatternFly components naming standards (`variant`, `onClick`, `position`, etc.)
- the API is maximally simplified and all props are provided with a description

> - it is build on top of existing PatternFly types without prop omitting

Author: ```suggestion
- it is built on the top of existing PatternFly types without prop omitting
```
